Let's assume you have two BBC outputs connected to
two 8-bit ADs, and these ADs can somehow send a data
to a computer. 
And it can do segmenting (with an overlap), windowing
and FFT, squaring and accumulation. Then it can send
the accumulated spectrum to a storage media.

Let's hope that data transfer from AD to computer can
cope with 2 of 8 MHz bands, 16 MHz sampling at 8 bit,
totaling a moderate 256 Mbps aggregated data rate.
For normal astronomy it's enough.

For S/C tracking it'll be good to have 4 bands (optionally)
- both pols at S and X. Also, for S/C tracking integration
of power spectra should be as short as 1 s, many spectra for
a single ON-pointing, could be no OFF-pointings if only
Doppler tracking is done. And input data should be saved 
somewhere untill a worth of several minutes of power spectra
is accumulated. Then these power spectra will be used to
determine a first approximation of Doppler and re-analize
the input data to get better Doppler resolution. 
But that's later..

Then, how it all will work (for a classic spectrometer)
in time domain:

0. Field System reads a schedule.

1. It coomands the antenna to go on-source. 
When the target coordinates are reached, computer starts 
(on the next PPS) to integrate the spectrum
(for a typical time 80 s). Integrated spectum is then sent 
to the storage. Start UTC of the integration is logged.

2. Then FS commands the antenna fo go off-source. When the
off source position is reached, off-source spectrum integration
starts. Integrated spectrum is sent to the storage.

3. Then FS keeps the antenna at off-source coordinates and 
switches the noise diod on. Integration of cal-spectrum starts
and lasts for a specified time. Save the integrated spectrum.

Repeat the cycle untill the schedule ends.

When the schedule ends, either stay idle, 
or start another schedule, if it's avalable.


Spectra are stored in a directory called ProjID.YYYDOYhhmmss
where YYYYDOYhhmmss reflects the start time (can be either UTC or
wall clock time, UTC is preferable, wall clock time is easier, 
and then the time stamp can be YYYYMMDDhhmmss for wall clock time).

Spectra files (one per spectrum) are called ON_P_seqnum, 
OFF_P_seqnum, CAL_P_secnum. P stays for polarization ID, single digit.
3 ror LCP and 7 for RCP are allowed, though 1 for RCP and 2 for LCP
could do a job either. If it's a dual frequency S/X obs, 
add another field for frequency ID.
ASCII is preferable, binary is also allowed.

Log file with a name containing the same time stamp as the directory
can be formatted in several columns as follows:

column 1 : cycle seq number
column 2 : spec ID ( 1 for ON, 2 for OFF and 3 for CAL)
column 3 to 7 : integration start UTC in YYYY DOY hh mm ss
           separated by empty spaces

optionally it could be agmented with more columns for:
 antenna Az El (decimal degs)
 antenna RA and Dec (apparent, or, preferably, J2000)
 air temperature (C or K)
 relative humidity (%)

Log file has a preambula contaning numerous lines describing 
what the obs project was for.
Essential fields in the preambula :
Receiver K or S/X ,
LO settings, all LOs,
Noise diod deltaT.
Each line in the preambula starts with // (two slashes and space)








